[compiler] Make cuda/hip/vulkan target cl options consistent (#17710)
openxla/iree: docs/website/docs/guides/deployment-configurations/gpu-cuda.md

Canonically a CUDA target (`iree-cuda-target`) matching the LLVM NVPTX backend
of the form `sm_<arch_number>` is needed to compile towards each GPU
architecture. If no architecture is specified then we will default to `sm_60`.

Here is a table of commonly used architectures:

| CUDA GPU            | Target Architecture | Architecture Code Name
| ------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------
| NVIDIA P100         | `sm_60`             | `pascal`
| NVIDIA V100         | `sm_70`             | `volta`
| NVIDIA A100         | `sm_80`             | `ampere`
| NVIDIA H100         | `sm_90`             | `hopper`
| NVIDIA RTX20 series | `sm_75`             | `turing`
| NVIDIA RTX30 series | `sm_86`             | `ampere`
| NVIDIA RTX40 series | `sm_89`             | `ada`

In addition to the canonical `sm_<arch_number>` scheme, `iree-cuda-target` also
supports two additonal schemes to make a better developer experience:

* Architecture code names like `volta` or `ampere`
* GPU product names like `a100` or `rtx3090`

These two schemes are translated into the canonical form under the hood.
We add support for common code/product names without aiming to be exhaustive.

> If the ones you want is missing, please use the canonical form.

Reviewer: nit: grammar (plural)

```suggestion
These two schemes are translated into the canonical form under the hood.
We add support for common code/product names without aiming to be exhaustive.
If the ones you want are missing, please use the canonical form.
```
